heads up guys w drums come back from
live for my college Stroman I just
discovered that cinder has a new heroic
challenge so I apologize for not filming
this earlier I found out about it and
it's a lot of fun like it's so so much
better than her old one all the way back
here there's why I didn't see it at
first it's called zombie dance party you
find all the zombie heads you get plus
five critical hit it's really really
cool so I hope you guys enjoy much as I
did
alright
so the objective is to kill all the guys
over here and stuff and then find all
the missing zombie heads
extra time always a great thing half
oops as well
bounce up here take him out open the
door bursts on me head and then it just
goes on the zombies it's so cool head
back see what was over there that's a
zombie head unlock that get the new
zombie head goes on the zombie again
it's really really fun i love the whole
idea they did with it it's really really
interesting ver you need we can't do any
more over here so what we're going to do
is we're going to go back down here you
can go either this way or that way let's
go this way
did that another zombie head right there
plus a portal so then I'm going to go
over here
other zombie head over there the last
ones a little tricky to find if you're
not observant but they kind of also make
it obvious where you would find it don't
go in the portal just yet straw all this
you find a switch go there
stray all then get your last zombie head
what we launched over there with all the
pizza is for a giant if you have a giant
and then you literally get the watch the
zombies dance probably one of the
coolest rope challenges I've ever seen
so yeah I think that is really really
cool not to mention extremely fun
incredibly easy to rid of our last one
it's not as bowling so I noticed chop
chop has her old pro challenge and chop
chops pod golem one is no more I hated
that heroic challenger the passion so
maybe they got rid of it permanently I
don't know is I don't own all the
skyliners yet so maybe they put it on
someone else but I hope not but yeah
that was sinners new heroic challenge so
if you all enjoyed this video as much as
I enjoyed playing this one and you guys
have a great day peace